acts Livington working on him for two
years
mr. Clarington is rh10 trafficking
victims will clear
she's that so welcome to clay McGregor
who crawled out of his cage so brother
go have fun tonight I'm gonna go with my
girlfriends make sure you're safe my
sister's been abducted
I'm gonna do everything I can to try and
find her we could do you gonna let the
cops do their job we don't go looking
she's as good as dead can't go around
kicking in doors find him and make an
example out of him now
grab your brother and get in my squad
car no Scott
can you do something about it your boy
made a deal with the FBI I can't touch
this
we can 24 hours we're not losing under
this table
I want to know where she is
maybe I should be